Zhan Tianchen, first from the beginning,
I really did the right thing, isn't there no problem with Zhan Tianchen?
Master, the wedding is all ready,
Yes, take things into account and make decisions with good words and be full of doctrine.
After inviting all the top leaders in China, all the streets were dissatisfied with the lack of planning and technology.
I'm just waiting for you, Master, to decide on Hu Qi. If not, I'll just go and invite you and shout,
My eyes are bright and I'm very kind to you.
OK, Master,
What's wrong? I found a certain woman's experimental base in Duowang,
Bi shouted, Master, I will continue to tell you, it’s your mother,
No need, they are all my women,
One is a plain girl.